well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about uh
wanting to belong a sense of purpose
insurmountable odds lost causes
and that thing up in michigan we're
gonna do this
because last night i was doing what a
whole lot of the country was doing
i was uh hanging out on
twitter laughing joking just
doom scrolling looking at the mug shots
dozens of people in that thread hundreds
everybody having a good time
and then somebody came along and just
stomped on the vibe
they did that by asking a question
simple question
how many of these guys you think are in
this situation now
wound up there simply because they
wanted to belong to something
they wanted a sense of purpose
yeah yeah that's probably true that is
probably true for some
not all but for some of them
doesn't matter it's too late for them
they've made their bed they're gonna
have to deal with the consequences and
those consequences appear to be pretty
severe
however there may be other people on
that road
with that desire for a sense of purpose
and it is that sense of purpose that
turned into that plan
because here in the us we have
romanticized
that hopeless battle
going up against those insurmountable
odds and believe me i get it
i get it but somewhere that got equated
with pulling a trigger
and the imagery became you know being
pinned down and outnumbered and all that
i do i do understand that desire
that rush you get from facing those
insurmountable odds and maybe coming out
on the other side of it
and uh setting things right i get it
i do
the thing is if you're on that road long
enough
you will uh if you make it
you'll figure out that destroying
fighting dying is easy
it's easy building living
is harder much more fulfilling too
you're also less likely to get co-opted
and that's what happened here a bunch of
working
class working poor got co-opted
got energized by rhetoric from the
establishment
from those in power
they wound up doing doing their betters
bidding without realizing it
doing something that benefits them
politically or they thought it would
and those at the top those they were
serving
i don't care about them their biggest
concern
is that the fact that some of their
friends that make seven eight nine
ten figures a year may have to pay just
a little bit more in taxes
somebody exploited that desire for a
sense of purpose
because our society doesn't always give
people that
you know the thing is if you want a
sense of purpose
you want to fight those hopeless battles
you want insurmountable odds
start trying to look out for those on
the bottom
start trying to build something for them
build you don't have to destroy
anything build something for them work
to build a just
society believe me when you start trying
to build
something for those on the bottom
you're facing those insurmountable odds
you wake up every day outnumbered
outgunned
outmanned out financed and behind enemy
lines
if that is the rush you seek it doesn't
get better than that
it is never ending
aside from that
you get to build
you get to do something that uh
leaves a positive mark rather than
becoming the butt of a joke
an internet meme
and if you do it right if you succeed if
you are successful
and you build that better world you
don't have to destroy anything
those other systems those other
establishments they will decay
on their own from disuse
and you will have completed your
revolution
without firing a shot you don't have to
hurt anybody
you just have to build something better
if you are one of those who's looking
for a sense of purpose
that's it and if you do it you're
building something for somebody like you
because if you want to engage in a
hopeless battle
at some point in time on some level you
lost hope
there are people out there
who are there now
who have no hope
and you can help give them to them you
can help bring them that
isn't that better
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day